[Music]
hey I have good news and bad news for
you the good news the Fountain of Youth
does exist
the bad news it doesn't work on humans a
few lucky members of the animal kingdom
have been selected to live very long
lives it's quite shocking to see how
long some of these critters have
survived on this planet let's meet
Jonathan jonathan is a safe shells giant
tortoise and it's estimated that he was
born in 1832 that means he is now 187
years old the oldest known living person
was jiroemon Kimura a Japanese man who
lived to be 116 years and fifty four
days old
meaning Jonathan the tortoise is already
71 years older than the oldest human wow
that's an entire lifetime for most of us
and he is still going strong
according to local vets you can visit
this giant grandpa on the island of st.
Helena where he is pretty much a
superstar he's even featured on their
five pence coin he arrived there in 1882
and has been cared for by the locals
ever since imagine how many people this
big guy has encountered over the years
he survived two world wars the stories
he could tell if only he could talk
would probably have our jaws on the
floor
he has another tortoise friend named
David and at only 80 years old David is
still a young whippersnapper that is
quite a ways to go to follow in
Jonathan's old footsteps now Jonathan
may be the oldest living animal but
another tortoise named odd waita lived
to be an estimated two hundred
fifty-five years old that's over three
times the average age of us mere humans
headway doe was an ad dobrze giant
tortoise that lived out the last of his
unusually long life at the Alipore zoo
illogical gardens in India so Jonathan
had better keep fit to beat this ancient
tortoises record speaking of ancient did
you know there is a species of shark
whose lifespan has been estimated to be
between 300 and 500 years the Greenland
shark has the longest known life's
and of all vertebrate species in the
world with one specimen found to be 400
years old this is because they grow very
slowly between 0.2 and 0.4 inches a year
that is low these sharks can only reach
adulthood at around 100 years of age can
you imagine having to wait a full 100
years before being allowed to drive or
buy a house I don't think I'd like my
childhood to be that long
there is another fish whose age may
surprise you Hanako is a famous koi fish
from Japan a study done on one of her
scales showed that she was 226 years old
now that is quite rare since the usual
lifespan of a koi is between 25 and 35
years so maybe the Fountain of Youth is
in Japan something fishy is certainly
going on there needless to say this big
fish had quite a few owners in her
lifetime my advice get a really nice
fish tank if you ever decide to get a
koi it may have to live there longer
than you think now there may be a link
between water and longevity the longfin
eel is another water dweller that often
reaches a lifespan as high as 60 years
the females that is males only live up
to between 12 and 35 years sorry guys
these strange-looking creatures are only
found in New Zealand and Australia and a
study of the New Zealand long fin showed
that some of the females were as old as
106 years much like the Greenland shark
their old age is brought on by extremely
slow growth so pace yourselves
a sturdy out of the water and back on
land for a bit Lynne Wang is known as
the oldest elephant ever who lived a
whopping 86 years his life was not only
long but also very eventful he was one
of the elephants used by the Japanese
army to transport supplies before
completing his mission he and a few of
his elephant buddies were captured by
the Chinese after surviving a grueling
journey to Burma he was used to help
build monuments and even joined a circus
he was later part of a group of people
that fled China
reaching Taiwan safely he was placed in
a zoo where he lived the remainder of
his life peacefully I don't know about
you but I think he deserved to retire
comfortably after the life he had to
live parents have also been known to
reach a ripe old age meet cookie a major
Michels cockatoo that holds the Guinness
world record for being the oldest parrot
ever he reached an estimated eighty-two
years of age during his time at the
Brookfield Zoo his exact age is unknown
but upon his arrival at the zoo in 1934
it was estimated that he was at least a
year old so it may be that cookie was
even older than 82 years keep that in
mind when getting a pet parrot you may
end up having to write him into your
will
this is Mucha Mucha is an American
alligator living at the Belgrade zoo in
Serbia his birth is estimated to have
been sometime before 1936 so that makes
him an 80 something-year-old grandpa
Buju is the oldest of his kind known to
man he suffered from gangrene and had to
undergo surgery to remove part of his
leg in 2012 prior to that most of the
zoo was destroyed during a bombing
attack in World War two and he survived
that as well so not only is he the
oldest man at the zoo he is also a war
veteran and a true survivor here's to
many more years moja now let's get back
to the water and take a look at some
more amazing creatures with long
lifespans red sea urchins have seemingly
endless lives these spiky animals can
live to be around a hundred years old
and if they have no health issues they
can even make it up to 200 years or more
American explorers Lewis and Clark only
arrived in Oregon a little over 200
years ago something to think about isn't
it
some of these little creatures have been
alive since then Oh head whales are
considered among the longest living
mammals on earth there was a whale
specimen that was found off the Alaskan
coast with a head of an explosive
harpoon that was used on the whale
between 1885 and 1895 making the age of
the whale an estimated 115 to 1
130 years old what a life this survivor
must have had this caught the attention
of scientists and led to the astonishing
discovery that these whales can live for
over 200 years
one creature tops the charts because
it's actually immortal well kind of
there's a species of jellyfish that
revert back to sexual immaturity after
reproducing this seems to be the key to
their long lives helping them avoid old
age entirely there is a scientific name
that was given but they are more
commonly known as the immortal jellyfish
since they can actually live forever
that is if they can avoid their natural
enemies for all eternity good luck you
blob of the ocean hey do you have any
stories about really old animals to
share tell us all about them in the
comments if you enjoyed the video go
ahead and click like and share it with
your friends subscribe now and stay
tuned for more videos that show you the
bright side of life